# Anaconda installation On your PC
## Step 1 Download the software Anaconda
* Visit the website: https://repo.anaconda.com/archive/
* Choose Anaconda3-5.1.0 version and click the one based on your own computer system.
## Step 2 Install (On　windows )
* Open the location of the downloaded executable.
* Double-click it to run the installer.
* Click Next.
* Click I Agree if you agree to the licensing agreement.
* Choose one of the installation types and then click Next.
* Choose an installation location (I suggest you should change) and then click Next.
* Change the advanced installation options (Check both) and then click Install.
* The Anaconda installation will now start.
* Click Next.
* Click skip
* Click Finish.
## Step ３ Check 
* Go to Windows Search Bar and type Anaconda Prompt. Double click the app and type ：conda　－－version to confirm its install.
## Step ４　Setting up TensorFlow Install using Anaconda Prompt
* Create a new environment and type conda create -n dl_lab python=3.6 and hit enter.
* Press Y and hit Enter. It will create a separate environment install TensorFlow
* Type conda activate dl_lab and enter Enter to go inside the environment.
* Once you are into the environment, enter the following one by one
* Install Jupyter Notebook: type pip install jupyter (if you have already installed it, please skip this step)
* Activate the new environment: type activate dl_lab
* Install ipykernel: type conda instal ipykernel
* Add new environment to Jupyter Notebook: type python -m ipykernel install --user --name dl_lab
## Step 5 Check 
* Restart Anaconda Prompt. Go to Windows Search Bar and type Anaconda Prompt. Double click the app.
* Create a new notebook, if there is dl_lab kernel, it suggests that you have added the dl_lab environment. And the click the dl_lab kernel.
Type:
!pip install scikit-learn
import sklearn
print(sklearn__version__)
* If it display the version of sklearn, it indicates you install the package successfully.
* Now, you can install packages through Anaconda Prompt:
   Go to Windows Search Bar and type Anaconda Prompt. Double click the app.
   and type:
   pip install XXX
* Or you can install packages through Jypyter notebook:
    Go to Windows Search Bar and type Anaconda Prompt. Double click the app. Or you can go anywhere in your computer directory
    type: jupyter notebook
    and then create a new notebook;if there is a notebook, just click the notebook; or you are edting jupyter notebook:
    type: !pip install XXX
# Command conda Instruction
## Install packages like command pip
conda install XXX
## Install packages in specific env
conda install -n dl_lab numpy
## Install packages in specific channels
conda install -c https://repo.anaconda.com numpy
## View installed packages
conda list
## View intalled packages in sepcific env
conda list -n dl_lab
## View the information of package
conda search numpy
## Update packages
conda update -n DL_lab numpy
## Delete packages
conda remove -n DL_lab numpy
## Unpdate conda
conda update conda
## Update anaconda
conda update anaconda
## Update python
conda update python
if you updata your python version, you should add the environment variable add into PATH:(for linux or mac)
echo 'export PATH="~/anaconda2/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
  update the bashrc with immediate effect: 
source ~/.bashrc
check if you add the environment variable into PATH correctly:
python --version
#Environment Manage
## Create a new environment with sepecific version of python
conda create--name DL_lab python=3.6
Or: conda create -n DL_lab python=3.6
## After creation, activate env
activate DL_lab     # for Windows
source activate DL_lab   # for Linux & Mac
## Check the env
python --version
## If you want to back perious env 
conda deactivate # for Windows
source deactivate DL_lab  # for Linux & Mac
## Copy a env
conda create -n DL_lab --clone python34clone
## Delete a env
conda remove --name DL_lab --all
## Check if the env is deleted
conda info -e
## Save your env as YAML
conda env export > environment.yaml
Or:pip freeze > requirements.txt
## Share your env with others
conda env create -f environment.yaml    #send your yaml file to others and he type this command
Or:pip install -r requirements.txt      #send your requiremnet.txt file to others and he save the file into dir:AppData\Roaming and then type this command
# Package Manage
## Install a package
conda install XX
Or: pip install XX
## Install packages in specific env
conda install -n dl_lab XX
Or:pip install -n dl_lab XX
## Install packages in specific channels
conda install -c https://repo.anaconda.com XX
Or:pip install -c https://repo.anaconda.com XX
## View packages in current env
conda list
Or:pip list
## View packages in sepecific env
conda list -n DL_lab
Or:pip list -n DL_lab
## View the information of package
conda search XX
Or:pip search XX
## Update packages
conda update -n DL_lab numpy
## Delete packages
conda remove -n DL_lab numpy
